docs: dvcfs: use read_bytes/read_text instead of cat_file (#3990)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/api-reference/dvcfilesystem.md

## Reading a file

```py

> >>> text = fs.read_text("get-started/data.xml", encoding="utf-8")

Reviewer: 💅🏼 not sure we want these `>>>`s.
```suggestion
text = fs.read_text("get-started/data.xml", encoding="utf-8")
```

Reviewer: > Other general feedback on the doc: https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3932#pullrequestreview-1145171639

Reviewer: So can we remove the `>>>` for consistency? Also, they look like REPL but this could apply to any Py env.

Author: We can discuss about `>>>` separately.

Author: I want to show the output together with the code, the way you get in the REPL.

Reviewer: > show the output together with the code

p.s. I think we would use the `cli` highlighter for this.

Reviewer: Also, you wouldn't see code in REPL (terminal) mixed with comments, right?

<img width="725" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1477535/203178214-33b491db-7445-4c25-acee-73e080ca22ec.png">

```

This is similar to `dvc.api.read()`, which returns the contents of the file as a
string.

To get the binary contents of the file, you can use `read_bytes()`.

```py

> >>> contents = fs.read_bytes("get-started/data.xml")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contents = fs.read_bytes("get-started/data.xml")
```

> To get the binary contents of the file, you can use `read_bytes()`.
> 
> ```py
> >>> contents = fs.read_bytes("get-started/data.xml")

Author: ```suggestion
To get the binary contents of the file, you can use `read_bytes()` or `cat_file`.

```py
>>> contents = fs.read_bytes("get-started/data.xml")
```
